Mission Name: Desert Mistletoe
    Type: SF (ARMA)
    Date: 30MAY2012
    Local Time: 0200
    Location: Takistan
    Units: 4SFG OD-A; others TBD
    Mods: @ACE @ACRE @TF86_SEALS @LEA + weapon packs
   
Situation: Local warlord, Jallah Azberkin, with the help of Russian advisors, has taken siege of the oil fields north of Nagara and captured the northern neighborhoods of Nagara proper. Currently, he is holding the oil fields hostage with one heavy vehicle, several rocket trucks, and a large bomb set to detonate (on a timer) if he so desires. Azberkin is a militant extremist native to Takistan, and has raised a large army of jihadists, militants, and other unsavory characters to propel his goal of ousting the infidels from his country, while making a pile of money in the process. He is supported by Russian advisors and their country's expansive amount of military hardware. Expect heavy resistance in Nagara, as Azberkin is using them as a blocking force against an assault.

Operation: Our SF operators will insert via HALO jump from a C-130 at 0200 local at DZ ROOFTOP. From there, they will proceed to the oil fields, recon the area, and setup an ambush for the blocking force at Nagara. Once given the go-code SANTA IS COMING TO TOWN, OD-A will infiltrate the oil fields, neutralize Azberkin and the bomb, and exfiltrate to OP JINGLE BELLS and provide overwatch/sniper support for an assault force to finish off any vehicles or infantry at the oil fields. Once this stage is complete, SF and the assault team will move to Nagara and draw the blocking force into the ambush that was prepared earlier. There should be a reinforcement team waiting on station for any calls for fire the combined team may need. This may include: air, armor, infantry.

Enemy Identification, Disposition, and R.O.E: Enemy combatants are described as locally garbed men armed with Takistani, Russian, or possibly older U.S. weaponry (1). Russian advisors may be on scene and are considered NTE (non-targeted enemy), however if they are armed consider them valid targets. Vehicles may include: BMP-2, T-72, GRAD-21, AGTM, UAZ/GAZ (Dskh, SPG-9), and ZU-23. Air assets may include: HIP-8, UH-1Y.

BLUFOR Objectives:
Primary - infiltrate oil fields undetected and disarm the bomb
Secondary - assassinate Azberkin and his second-in-command
Tertiary- decimate forces in Nagara

BLUFOR Equipment:
1 C-130
4 SOV Mk19 HMMV
cont next page
4 1511 HMMV
6 ATVs
1 Magic Box -or-
1 Gear Box incl. RH weps, UKF weps, DM weps, ACE/ACRE etc
If other companies join in, map will need armor and air assets for BLUFOR.

Map Sheets
